== Chapter 3

There was only thing Bisky hated more than douchey preppy foxbros. And that
was her own alarm clock.

The idea was to be up at 6 o'clock, when the alarm went off, and then have a
whole hour to take a shower, put on clothes and makeup and fluff her tail,
be out the door at 7, arrive at Carmen's Coffee at 7:15, and then be
prepared for customers at 7:30. In practice, though, the alarm would wake
her up at 6, then she would lay in bed dazed and confused until 6:45, have
barely enough time to get ready, and then arrive at the caf√© just minutes
before her shift. Today was one of _those_ days. It felt like every day was
one of those days.

"`Hey, gang,`" Bisky announced as she entered the front door. The
super-early-morning regulars were already sitting in their regular seats
with their regular coffees and their regular pastries. Seemed just like the
good ole halcyon days of one week ago.

There already was quite a bit of a rush. Mondays. Joyce, the squirrel,
looked up and recognized Bisky from her station. She nodded and smiled
quickly in Bisky's direction before returning her attention to her current
customer.

Bisky went to the back room, quickly donned her brown apron and opened up
the station next to Joyce. She punched in a few numbers on the computer
screen from muscle memory and invited the next customer over. In the brief
moment where neither Joyce nor Bisky were in the process of helping a
customer, Joyce turned to Bisky and said: "`Happy Monday, Bisky. Feeling
alright?`"

"`Yes, thanks. I'll tell you at lunch.`"

Bisky would meet hundreds of different animals every day. They came from all
walks of life, different neighborhoods of Port Sokuit and even entirely
different counties of Azuaveria. She had to deal with professional
businessfolk as much as the poor homeless creatures. She had to deal with
animals who couldn't make up their minds, animals who couldn't speak the
language and animals who really had no clue about coffee. She had to deal
with charming, friendly customers just as much as the douchenozzles.  She
had to deal with the prank callers as well the serious calls from the
vendors and distributors. She had to clean broken coffee grinders and vomit
in the restrooms. It was tough work, but it wasn't terribly difficult, and
she did a perfectly acceptable job at it.

Her shift leader, Joyce, was a pleasure to work with. Bisky and Joyce alike
remembered the first time they met, where they bonded over the fluffiness of
their tails. It was fun and stylish to make them extra fluffy, but one had
to deal with the costs and inconveniences that came with their maintenance.
They also had a nasty propensity to knock over things, since they could
become awkward and unwieldy. They remembered a customer on their first day
on the job together, a horse who had tried to fluff his tail. It... well, it
did not look good. Joyce and Bisky barely could contain it while taking his
order, and remembered how challenging it was to hold their laughter until
the instant he walked out the door. That was a good day. That wasn't one of
_those_ days.

It was a fairly uneventful Monday morning rush. Joyce believed Bisky handled
it quite nicely, in complete contrast with the state in which she last saw
her.

Joyce and Bisky enjoyed a quick lunch together in the back alley. Only a
sliver of sunlight could make its way through the narrow street. Bisky's
lunch consisted of a simple sandwich of grilled vegetables, a bunch of
grapes, and a small bag of fried worms. Joyce's "`quick lunch`" was a few
bites from a spinach empanada she swiped from the display case, garnished
with a cigarette or two. Bisky admired how Joyce balanced her toughness with
her friendliness.

"`Seriously, babe, I'm glad you're back. It's good to see you,`" Joyce said
as she took a puff.

"`Yeah, things feel a bit more normal again,`" Bisky agreed.

"`You didn't need to go to school at all right? That'd be absolute _crap_.`"

"`Most of my professors were a little ticked because it's so early in the
school year. But they were all understanding, so I'm not in trouble or
anything like that.`"

"`Good, good. I'd beat the shit out of them if they did.`" Joyce chased some
clouds. Bisky remembered how moving to the morning shift was the best
decision she ever made.

"`Yeah, I needed the time,`" Bisky said. As she bit into her sandwich, she
reminded herself that the bread with which she made it did _not_ come from
her father's bakery. "`I do honestly feel a lot better.`"

"`I'm glad,`" said Joyce.

"`Did anything stupid happen while I was away?`" Bisky asked.

Joyce took a drag. "`Ha, yeah, that fox boy who's super into you wondered
where you were.`"

All of a sudden, Bisky didn't feel a lot better.

"`I think I scare him. He clearly prefers it when you make his coffee or
something,`" Joyce continued.

Bisky pursed her lips tight.

"`You know the one I'm talking about, right?`" Joyce asked as she took
another drag.

"`Yup, that's Timo. He just... usually shows up when I'm there, I guess.`"

Joyce was not convinced. "`He's got a regular schedule and you know it,`"
she said flatly. Bisky took that to be her polite way of saying "`You look
at the clock every Thursday and wait impatiently for 3:15 PM, when Timo
arrives and orders his medium latte with soymilk and a pawful of sugar while
he seriously engages with you and is super interesting and he makes you feel
good about yourself and the world, and you want to just climb over the
counter and kiss his pretty face, but you can't because you're just a smelly
skunk... _and you know it._`"

But Bisky had a simpler retort: "`Yeah, you're right.`"

Bisky noticed Joyce's cigarette was almost out. That meant lunch break was
almost over.

"`Well, babe, let's just get through this Monday, shall we?`" Joyce asked
rhetorically. She let the cigarette drop into a puddle on the asphalt, but
stomped it out with her boot anyway.

_What a badass_, Bisky thought.

---

On Mondays and Wednesdays, Bisky would head out of Carmen's shortly before
2:00 PM and walk for fifteen minutes through the Cargo District to the
University of Azuaveria, Port Sokuit. Technically, the university was also
in the Cargo District, but its historic bell tower and manicured lawns and
overall cleanliness contrasted greatly with the industrial
shipping-container mazes that were the neighborhood's namesake. Sokuitans
usually referred to the college and its adjacent professorville as a
separate neighborhood. It certainly felt more right to do so.

Bisky climbed up the staircase to the Kasuit School of Maritime Technology,
hopped into the main lecture hall and took a seat in the front, as close to
Professor Churaldi as she could. He was a large but approachable lion who
clearly had lots of time to think about a lot of things. It showed in his
demeanor and his wardrobe. He was rearranging his lecture notes when he saw
the skunk sit in her usual seat. He took off his glasses for a moment.
"`Why, hello, Hibiscus,`" he said simply.  He gave a weary but genuine
smile. 

"`Hi, professor,`" Bisky said. She wiggled in her seat to get comfortable.
Those desks were always so tiny, they could hardly accommodate a big, fluffy
tail such as a skunk's. Once Bisky finally settled in, she realized this was
the first time she had attended a mar-tech class without replaying that
argument she had with her father in her head. The one where he essentially
told her that skunks just aren't captains of big ships. Maybe small ones for
skunks, _maybe_.  But not luxury liners nor cargo vessels. Absolutely _not_.

"`Sorry, dad, I have to do this,`" Bisky said under her breath.

Churaldi put the glasses back on and continued shuffling through his papers.
In a few minutes, the actual lecture began. The lecture hall was filled to
capacity, about one hundred students. It was another lesson in some of the
basic martitime concepts -- _lots_ and lots of jargon. Bow, stern, port,
starboard, hull, bowsprit, windward, leeward -- these were _just the
beginning_. Churaldi was way past all this introductory material -- and so
was Bisky, to a considerable extent -- but, at least he reserved enough
generosity to ensure his students stayed _awake_ for the full hour.

_Introduction to Maritime Technology_ (MAT 101), or "`mar-tech one oh one`"
as the students called it, was a prerequisite course for virtually every
other course at the Kasuit School. Most students who did register for it
were interested in obtaining qualifications to pursue a career having
something to do with the docks, or shipping. And what better place to
receive that kind of education than the Cargo District of Port Sokuit? Bisky
felt lucky and fortunate to have had such a unique opportunity available in
her own backyard. Animals came from all over Azuaveria to get a quality
maritime degree from U-Az Port Sokuit.

When his lecture concluded, Professor Churaldi delivered the homework
assignment. It was due the next time they convened, Wednesday, at the start
of lecture. Read a chapter from the textbook and answer the questions. But,
before dismissing the students, he made a special announcement.

"`The other staff and faculty want me to remind you that this Wednesday is
also Club Day. There's all kinds of after-school clubs for all kinds of
special interests. Maybe you and your peers can talk about maritime
technology in a more social or relaxed setting, rather than during the short
time you're cramming for my exams.`"

Bisky burst out a hearty "`Ha!`" but quickly discovered she was the only one
who thought the professor's joke was funny. She lowered her tail in awkward
shame.

"`Anyway,`" the lion continued, "`I do encourage you to make friends with
your peers. It is important and beneficial to your education. Class
dismissed.`"

None of the students were cheetahs, but they all darted out of that lecture
hall as if they were. All of them except Bisky. She had trouble getting out
of that tiny desk. Stupid fluffy skunk tail.


