<!--
vim: nospell
-->

# skunk satan story ideas

**Hibiscus "Bisky" Damiat**

F. 21-26. (probably younger, since she's still trying to fit in.) Skunk. At
a crossroads wrt her own skunkness. (could be younger to make the influence
of college or the internet on her more evident?)

Got a bit of a SJW thing going on. She's trying to be less outspoken about
it, but Things Keep Happening to prove it to her otherwise.

Mother: **Lilac**. Died for mysterious reasons. There's a mystery plot going
through the whole story in which Bisky tries to figure out what the fuck
actually happened.


**Lilac [Damiat]**

Bisky's father tells her that her mother died because of a great illness,
which technically isn't a lie. But she actually died due to complications of
childbirth from another mate. Bisky discovers this (and more) throughout the
story.

was she raped? did it have something to do with the 'satanic' cult? that'd
be kinda insane, sure to mess up Bisky.


**Petrus Damiat**

Bisky's father. He has just died from something, and actually the story
could open up at the funeral, where Bisky sorta introduces herself and how
the hell she got here.

There's no mystery regarding her father because she grew up with him
basically her whole life, and she kinda was there when he died in the
hospital.



**Gardenia LASTNAME**

Bisky's best friend since childhood. Grew up together, went to school
together, they tell each other all their secrets. She's way more "fun" and
chill than Bisky, who has recently started getting kinda... bitter. Both of
Gardenia's parents are still around, and she has a brother and a sister.
It's a "normal skunk family" which Bisky envies.


## The setting

Azuaveria. Perhaps Port Sokuit itself. But actually I imagine the story
taking her all over the place, as she uncovers the truth behind her mother.



## skunks

the disposition and reputation of skunks is primarily inspired by Ironclaw.
Skunks usually stick to their own kind because it's way easier. Their
reputation ALWAYS precedes them, which leads to either (1) "beatific"
nonchalance ("whatever, they'll never understand us") or (2) perpetually
annoyed (which is Bisky's issue).


### skunk nationalism

There is talk of a skunk nationalist/self-determination movement, but no one
really has a concrete clue of what that entails except for the most hardcore
or "crazy" members. Bisky attends a few meetings but isn't quite sure she
agrees with the "crazies", the militant skunks who talk about "revolution"
but never really do anything. Bisky does admit that a nation of all skunks
is very appealing, though.

- **Mephitidae Liberation Movement**
- **Mephitidae Nationalism** -- "we're not _skunks_, we're mephitidae!"

I can imagine Bisky trying out the "mephitidae" thing, but eventually
realizing it's pretentious. "I'm... I'm just a skunk, though." there's a
youth culture surrounding it, I guess.


### voluntary gland removal

There's this other important/controversial aspect to contemporary skunkhood.
There's the practice of removing a skunks "stinker" (wtf is it called). ok
apparently the technical term is the "scent gland" so in our world, when
skunks talk about "glands" or "the gland" they're referring to that. Anyway,
there's a controversial, contemporary practice among skunks where they
voluntarily undergo a "glandectomy" (need a better technical term).

Arguments FOR getting the gland removed:

- fit in with other folk way easier, super easy way to get others' approval
- don't really need it in today's modern world
- one less thing to worry about -- it can take forever to properly clean and
  take care of it

Arguments AGAINST getting the gland removed:

- it's literally removing an integral aspect to skunk identity!?!
- not every skunk lives in the same modern/high-tech world, it's insulting
  to skunks who can't afford it 
- it seems that the main motivation is to somehow "fit in" with nonskunk
  folk, which is insulting because it implies that skunks are _subjects_ of
  other animals
- risks are not 100% proven out or understood

i anticipate a LOT of drama and fret and worry and internal turmoil with
Bisky trying to decide if this is something she wants to do. she wouldn't be
the very first, but among the very first. (that raises the stakes.) she
could end up meeting that skunk.


## the 'satanist' group

i won't use the term 'satanism' or 'satanist' as such but it's basically
this underground not-quite-cult-but-kinda-sorta where Bisky discovers she
can have it both ways: love the people she loves and forget about the people
who she doesn't.

there needs to be a low point in the story (probably pretty close to the
beginning because she has just lost her last immediate family member) which
makes her impressionable and really believe that she does have all sorts of
power within her.

i always imagine this one scene where she commands sexual attention from her
(boyfriend?) after feeling super inspired/pumped from one of these
'satanist' meetups, which kinda creeps him out. This is directly inspired
from a scene in TOAFN after Jen discovers her lightning abilities. it's
powerful, i dunno! maybe i'll come up with a sufficient spin.


## dating life

Throughout the story, Bisky tries different methods to secure a mate.
they're basically all unsuccessful. she can't help but attribute this to the
fact that she is a skunk. "sorry, i didn't see in your profile that you're a
skunk. i don't date skunks."



## random ideas

"Shut the hell up! I'll fucking spray you!" - Bisky

"Rrrrrggh!" -- [exasperated Bisky noises]

"I'm too pretty for this bullshit." - Bisky

- bisky gets drunk and goes clubbing on her own after 'the final straw'
  breakup/unsuccessful date, wakes up in somebody's bed? can't stand the
  fact that the only way to get any action/satisfaction is if she's not even
  present. probably with another skunk, just to make the night feel like an
  abject failure. (maybe Gardenia, even, heh.)



## The story, at a super high level

It's part mystery, part coming of age dramedy. Bisky starts out sad and
annoyed, then annoyed, then settles on acceptance? like the stages of grief?
that'd be an interesting angle.

All that Bisky is trying to do is fit in. In the end, she learns that she
can't. It's better to just carve out a space for herself. in the very end,
she probably just dances alone with her headphones or something like that.
smokes some weed.

in that sense, it's a sort of a classical tragedy, since our hero does not
get what they want in the end.


## incidents from Bisky's childhood

in general: lots of interaction with her dad, and Gardenia.

- there's a recurring "joke"/thing where Gardenia and Bisky offer each other
  breath mints. it started when they were pups. something must've happened
  to prompt them to keep up that tradition. A token of their friendship,
  clearly.  maybe Gardenia gives some to Bisky for her birthday, but her SJW
  attitude has kicked in this year: "why are you giving me mints? are you
  saying that my breath stinks? cuz i'm a skunk and skunks smell bad?"


## bisky's mental health

i actually am not sure how good it is. i actually kinda expect it to
deteriorate as the story to progress, and then it looks like it's gonna turn
up in the end (ambiguous-happy ending).


## bisky's day

she works somewhere that smells good. i say she's a barista at a coffeeshop.
cafes smell good. ("wake up and smell the coffee!") it's a modern setting,
too, which is important (I still want to establish Azuaveria as a
modern/fantasy place that doesn't usually get written about too much).

anyway, she usually has to wake up pretty early cuz she works the morning
rush. then lunch, then she goes to school? maybe the story starts out with
summer vacation. well, at the *beginning* beginning, she probably has
secured two whole weeks off from everything -- bereavement.

does she play video games and stuff like that? for some reason, i don't
think she does.

there needs to be something very surprising and different and calming (?)
about a secret hobby that she has, something she doesn't tell, like, anyone
about. Gardenia would know but Bisky hardly ever brings it up. what could
that be?

- skateboarding (lol)
- model airplanes (i dunno) -- ships, vessels would be more azuaverian
- legos/similar

yeah, perhaps her ship modeling feeds into her ideal fantasy -- captain of a
ship, chartering new waters, discovering things, being in charge. paper
airplanes are in a similar vein, too. i can imagine Bisky passing the time
at work with paper airplanes.

maybe she tries to fit in with the model ship nerds but they're all nerds
and she can't freakin deal with them? perhaps she's dealt with that in the
past and when our story starts, she's already resorted to doing it for
herself. i guess in azuaverian culture, it's a SUPER nerdy thing to do.


## bisky meets hanalei

Hanalei is part of a band. Either "Hanalei and Her Roomates" or even better
something like "Middle Kitten".  bisky is a fan of Middle Kitten. Hanalei is
way more chill than bisky is. therefore, i need to make sure to write bisky
as having a temper or just a problem with seemingly everything. she can't
fit in!
